welcome back to another video if you new
here my name is Olivia Jarvis in today's
video is a bit of a different one and I
can't wait to show you my full morning
routine if you'd like to see some more
routine videos do let me know in the
comments and hit this video with a like
I usually wake up around 6:00 the
earlier the better
and usually Mason is actually laid next
to me but he gets up around 5:00 for
rugby so you know I'll turn my alarm off
roll out of bed usually sit on the end
of my bed for a good minute or so it
just coming round and your little
stretch and just waking up then I will
always put my trusty Susan bra dressing
gown on and walk on over to get some
light in and just see what the day is
like Oh quite a sunny day in Manchester
today and I'll just shut my window I
always like to sleep the window open
especially it now it's a little bit
warmer and just get some fresh air in
because it does get really hot with mice
there we go opening the blinds and I
forgot about the second blind pulled
that up a neighborhood watch there irie
didn't expect there to be two blinds out
I mean I thought was enlightening I have
a feeling where you go from one and
their lights just been through didn't
quite pan out
god I am that nosy neighbor they've seen
what's going on old mason without she
leaving at this point I do like to start
my day quite slowly like there's just no
rush and I think that's why I like
getting out quite early as early as
possible and then first things first
once I've got out of bed I will always
make my bed first this is just mean
something I've done since I was little
it's also scientifically proven that
making your bed puts you in a really
productive mindset and then that reminds
you everything so I do really keep my
bed sheets quite clean because I turn
quite often as well so I always get down
on the sheet and I'm literally
determined to have white sheets
so obviously what comes without having
to welcome our bedding unlike a 90
degree wash to make sure they're nice
and clean and also because I do suffer
sometimes with eczema and have suffered
with acne it's really important that I
keep like my bed sheets super clean and
just make sure like a pillowcase and
clean and also Mason is the hottest
person like the warmest person to sleep
with so like swelters on TV so yeah I'm
literally forever washing my sheets
every other day or something I really
make an effort to just keep my bedroom
as clean as possible and it's dust free
as possible so I'm always cleaning my
bedside tables especially then mirror
things because they literally track so
much go faster I only saw that crooked
lamp at she just at the end so dressing
gowns off Schwartz the rock keep them to
the side I'll always put on and I felt
playlists in the shower but it was
sing-along or a podcast just whatever
I'm feeling like that day so I wasn't
washing the hair today but I just got
some the shower washed off my tan and
always use my Kiehl's facial cleanser to
just wash my face so removing from the
shower into a little temporary Beauty
room which is actually office but
nothing is finished I always brush my
teeth first thing and then put on some
deodorant abuses to your gentle ditch
I love this mouth and then here we have
my absolute go to moisturizer this is
the only thing that works my skin I've
got really acne prone skin and I've used
this for about seven months I think and
I really really got on with it it's just
like a really plain facial cream always
put this on in the morning before I put
a makeup on and also on it even in I
also put on a bit of this avocado eye
cream just underneath my eyes oh so
we're going in with a little active
we're set this is a summery color I'll
always worry that's for any morning
because I tend to go to the gym then and
I'll go in a walk huge in the morning -
now the next like absolutely huge and
most important thing and most helpful
thing I've found is writing a to-do list
for the day this just keeps me
completely organized and I absolutely
swear by this like you should definitely
give this a try if you don't already do
this it just helps keep you focused and
not forget like little things and also
it's a really good way to Paris ice that
I usually put like in the 30 things what
is the most important and you can also
do this with like short-term and
long-term goals
I've got like a separate diary with on
the long-term girl goals in and like
ways to measure them and this way you
just you can really easily measure your
progress and it just helps to get things
done and you to reach your goals and
stuff one thing definitely keep in mind
is don't over face yourself if you do
try to do this tour whatever I did
initially start by writing too much down
and then at the end of the day I
literally physically wouldn't be able to
get all the things I'd wrote down done
in one day but you know one human so be
realistic as well but also I think write
in actual plans towards stuff you know
sort of breaking stuff down that just
makes things easier and doesn't make
things as difficult as well like just
break down what your tasks are into
smaller mini ones also it's literally
the most satisfying thing ever just
taking stuff off and crossing things off
just getting everything done and I'll
just go into a little red pen and just
underline what's the most important
things to do and the things to start off
with for the day heading down to the
kitchen bathroom and house obviously
because that's where all the food is
Mason had already turned you love this
day but
literally I think I set my house alarm
off on a daily every single day and I
have to do that like ridiculous run but
yeah I like to come down check the house
intact and that we're all good have a
little nosy in the garden then I'll
always start with coffee if you follow
me for a while you'll know how much I
love my coffee and also I absolutely
love this coffee machine I would really
recommend one if you're a coffee fan I
tried to do one of those fancy milk
swirls didn't quite work out it
just turned into like some milkshake ice
cream looking coffee so next up is
breakfast I usually always have eggs /
egg whites with a slice of toast and
today I went all out and I decided to
have some bacon as well feeling very
hungry here we go here's me trying to
balance my camera on my really broken
tripod so it kept falling down that's
why it's changing angles so much
breakfast definitely got to be with my
favorite meals and this definitely keeps
me for a while as well which is nice I
also went in with a bit of smashed
avocado I don't think you're quite
supposed to do it like that but that's
just how I keep things quick and easy in
the morning then I'm just making my
raspberry vitamin C tablet I'll just
have that like a pint of water and then
I have my Amiga three and zinc and
magnesium tablets morning which was our
chili flakes which were my fave and some
pepper on top and then this like then I
have 50% less sugar and salt smarter
ketchup on my face oh my sweet good god
I was so hungry here actually he's
making me laugh watchin his back I was
so hungry and my camera like tripod
wasn't working I was getting so mad I
just wanted to eat the food and it
wouldn't stay up look at that face I
mean it just me miss around then I'll
always keep the house nice and tidy
especially when I'm working from home
because I just feel like I get
distracted by any mess so I like things
just we all tidied away in neat and just
please your head as well I like I let
you can never concentrate if there's
mess about I just end up wrapping around
and tidying things up okay and then
moves on to the washing obviously this
is just what I've written it's doing and
so forth but I actually hate doing this
job not gonna lie
take the wet washing and you know
putting everything away but you know I
think the best things to just get it
done the quicker the better
and don't leave stuff you know a dry
stuff about just get it on the line and
get it dried and put it away because I
went I did fall into about having a to
go just like letting stuff pile up and
then it takes way longer to actually put
away next I'll just go to the gym
probably trained about half an hour to
45 minutes and then get on a little 20
to 30 minute walk I really enjoy walking
I think it's just sets you up for the
day and good to get some steps in thank
you so much for watching this video I
really hope you enjoyed it and I'll see
you guys in the next video